Name: Ts.Dr. Muhamad Firdaus Ramli;
Country: Malaysia;
Title: An Assurance Of The Frontier;
Year: 2021;
Concept: An Assurance of the Frontier is associated to the Covid-19 pandemic has indeed posed a major threat to human lives around the world. Not to be outdone, when the number of positive cases leading to death continues to increase as well as turn the entire human race feels anxious, panicked and worried. The action of the movement control command is very much seen to be partially helpful in terms of controlling and preventing the spread of this epidemic by being aggressive. The case was reporting continues to rise, I believe it should be brought down to a low rate by implementing appropriate controls. Ironically, this epidemic does not know its victims, therefore, the established best way to face and deal with this epidemic is to unite and regulate with it as a strong, resilient, adaptable moral and disciplined. In this context, we need to be aware and dealing with epidemics is not just the responsibility of medical personnel or security personnel alone. Preferably, it should involve the engagement of all levels of society according to their respective capacities. The fact is, world thinkers are performing their best efforts to deal with the threat of this epidemic. All assistance, medical provisions and subsistence needs were channelled according to ability. In fact, security forces are also used to strengthen national and regional control orders. I believe the world champion will remain committed and responsible to pursue various initiatives so that the epidemic is controlled as best as possible. In the meantime, the courage of the medical team and front line personnel in dealing with this epidemic interference is also quite apparent. There is no dispute, the world champion is doing everything it can without recognizing the meaning of burnout in order to defend the lives of civilians even though the risk is very crucial. In a hesitant situation, the frontline workers infected with the epidemic are also of great concern. However, it turns out that this group of courteous servants who are so dedicated have never been discouraged, disappointed or depressed. Moreover, all parties were concerned and eager about the dilemma of economic recession, the fall in financial value. With the rising cost of living, unemployment and various social problems, as well as economic administration, were shocked by the sudden fall. The crash of such a dangerous epidemic demands that we be united, resilient and strong in self-determination. Therefore, in the intense moments, we cannot in the least be separated from the united line that supports to improve our integrity prudently.;
